README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Resume

This Resume project is built in react and use a simple to use and update `data.json` file to provide the input data to build your personalized resume.
Give it a go the data structure is simple enough to make it fit everywhere.

# Demo sample 

[https://msareen.github.io/resume/](https://msareen.github.io/resume/)

## Available Scripts

If you want to fork and contribute to the project you can run following scripts

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run deploy`

This take use of [gh-pages](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gh-pages) and help you deploy the application on the github pages where you can publish your resume.

This article help me to achive the publishing part [https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-deploy-react-application-on-github-pages/](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-deploy-react-application-on-github-pages/)

## Other Developer resources

You can find other developer resources on react here: [https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started)

## Pending Items in the project.

1. Add footer about project.
1. Better tagging and description in timeline.
    1. Fix data file accordingly.
1. Fix bug in mailto form
    1. It has some undefined fields.
1. On mouse hover effect on profile page.
1. Animation rendering of skill tags in project.
1. Animation rendering of skills bars.
1. Create Theme file, move out color variables at top level.
1. Unit tests
1. Auto compile test and deploy on check in.



### Updating readme 

See [https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#images-1](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#images-1)

Commit message:

Some subtle animation, skill section improvements, readme goals update

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Resume

This Resume project is built in react and use a simple to use and update `data.json` file to provide the input data to build your personalized resume.
Give it a go the data structure is simple enough to make it fit everywhere.

# My Resume (demo) 

[https://msareen.github.io/resume/](https://msareen.github.io/resume/)

## Available Scripts

If you want to fork and contribute to the project you can run following scripts

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run deploy`

This take use of [gh-pages](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gh-pages) and help you deploy the application on the github pages where you can publish your resume.

This article help me to achive the publishing part [https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-deploy-react-application-on-github-pages/](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/how-to-deploy-react-application-on-github-pages/)

## Other Developer resources

You can find other developer resources on react here: [https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started)

## Pending Items in the project.

1. Animation rendering of skill tags in project.
1. Create Theme file, move out color variables at top level.
1. Unit tests.
1. data.json schema verification over check in.
1. More information on tags hovers.
1. ~~Add footer about project~~.
1. ~~Better tagging and description in timeline~~.
1. ~~Fix bug in mailto form~~
1. ~~On mouse hover effect on profile page~~.
1. ~~Animation rendering of skills bars~~.
1. ~~Auto compile test and deploy on check in.~~



### Updating readme 

See [https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#images-1](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#images-1)
